JP-3580 Update MRSPRCHN allowed values in keyword schema (#285)
spacetelescope/stdatamodels: CHANGES.rst

1.10.1 (unreleased)
===================

> - Added MRS_ALL in list for keyword MRSPRCHN in core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ALL_MRS to allowed values for keyword MRSPRCHN in core
```
